To-Do.md, before:

Make Find Some Fun!

Goal: a React App that let's users look up upcoming events in thier area by category & keyword 

[X] Create Eventbrite app & get auth-token
[X] Create a form for users to provide keyword & select a category
    - text input for keyword
    - selector inout for categories
    - submit button
[X] Query Eventbrite API for categories 
[X] Add categories to form's select drop down
[X] Handle user input to form 
    add alert if no keyword is provided
    grab provided keyword & category id
[X] Query Eventbrite API for matching events
[X] Create component to display info for an event <Event />
    - with: image, name, description, link to register/get tickets, location?, date?
[X] Print resutls
    add alert if no matching events
    print each returned event into an <Event /> inside <EventsList />

--- 
[X] parse multiple keywords

---
What next? 
[X] draft ReadMe so folks can use & improve upon Find Some Fun

1) make it pretty with bootstrap
[X] add react-bootstrap to project
[X] include the latest bootstrap css from the CDN
[X] review available layouts & components -- make a plan!
[X] refactor <App /> to be made of Bootstrap components
[X] refactor <Form /> ...
[X] refactor <EventsList /> ...
[X] refactor <Event /> ... 

--
2) have app access user location and prioritize/order search results by proximity
[X] Get user's location
    [X] with browser
    [X] with IP address
[X] use location in search

-- 
[X] add alert when search returns 0 results -- right now it looks like nothing happens


3) (only if 2 has happened) add map of results with flags at each venue location; pop ups on each flag moving list of events to that event's component
[X] install leaflet
[X] import css from nodemodule to index.js
[X] install react-leaflet
[X] create <Map /> component & put a map in it
[X] make map way zoomed out before we have a user's location
[X] zoom in once we have user's location
[X] add a marker at User's location

[X] no marker until we have user's location
[] get venue locations
[] add a marker for each venue
[] add a pop up at each marker describing || linking to event  


Put events in a scrollable list next to map
[] map to the right of Events List 
[] able to scroll through events list w/o moving map
[] clicking on an event pin should move list to selected event
[] hovering over/clicking on an event in the list should open a pop up over pin associated with that event

Commit message:

pass App.state.events down to MyMap as a props called events

To-Do.md, after:

Make Find Some Fun!

Goal: a React App that let's users look up upcoming events in thier area by category & keyword 

[X] Create Eventbrite app & get auth-token
[X] Create a form for users to provide keyword & select a category
    - text input for keyword
    - selector inout for categories
    - submit button
[X] Query Eventbrite API for categories 
[X] Add categories to form's select drop down
[X] Handle user input to form 
    add alert if no keyword is provided
    grab provided keyword & category id
[X] Query Eventbrite API for matching events
[X] Create component to display info for an event <Event />
    - with: image, name, description, link to register/get tickets, location?, date?
[X] Print resutls
    add alert if no matching events
    print each returned event into an <Event /> inside <EventsList />

--- 
[X] parse multiple keywords

---
What next? 
[X] draft ReadMe so folks can use & improve upon Find Some Fun

1) make it pretty with bootstrap
[X] add react-bootstrap to project
[X] include the latest bootstrap css from the CDN
[X] review available layouts & components -- make a plan!
[X] refactor <App /> to be made of Bootstrap components
[X] refactor <Form /> ...
[X] refactor <EventsList /> ...
[X] refactor <Event /> ... 

--
2) have app access user location and prioritize/order search results by proximity
[X] Get user's location
    [X] with browser
    [X] with IP address
[X] use location in search

-- 
[X] add alert when search returns 0 results -- right now it looks like nothing happens


3) (only if 2 has happened) add map of results with flags at each venue location; pop ups on each flag moving list of events to that event's component
[X] install leaflet
[X] import css from nodemodule to index.js
[X] install react-leaflet
[X] create <Map /> component & put a map in it
[X] make map way zoomed out before we have a user's location
[X] zoom in once we have user's location
[X] add a marker at User's location

[X] no marker until we have user's location
[] get venue locations
    searching EB for events returns objects representing events with a 'venue_id' 
    we have to query EB's venues for location info on each venue
    so . . .  
    when we get the events, we want to 
    [X] send the events (or just id, name, and venue_id?) to MyMap
    then, if MyMap.props.events isn't empty, 
    [] for each event, query EB for venue location &
    [] create a Marker & Pop up for the event/venue combo
[] add a marker for each venue
[] add a pop up at each marker describing || linking to event  


Put events in a scrollable list next to map
[] map to the right of Events List 
[] able to scroll through events list w/o moving map
[] clicking on an event pin should move list to selected event
[] hovering over/clicking on an event in the list should open a pop up over pin associated with that event
